+++
title = "An Overview of Chef Infra"
draft = false
gh_repo = "chef-web-docs"
aliases = ["/chef_overview.html"]
product = ["client", "server", "workstation"]

[menu]
  [menu.infra]
    title = "Chef Infra Overview"
    identifier = "chef_infra/getting_started/chef_overview.md Chef Infra Overview"
    parent = "chef_infra/getting_started"
    weight = 10
+++
# WordPress Tools

We have two recommendations here: one for the casual user who wants to
add lorem ipsum to a single post and one for design and dev
professionals who need to populate entire WordPress themes for testing.

## How to Add Lorem Ipsum to WordPress Posts

The most convenient way to add lorem ipsum in WordPress is to install a
plugin that will generate the text for you.

-   In your WordPress dashboard go to **Plugins \> Add New**

-   Do a search for "lorem ipsum." (In this example, we're going to
    install the plugin called "Lorem Ipsum" by *Jörg Burbach.*

-   Simply click the "Install Now" button.

![lorem ipsum plugin
wordpress](media/image1.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.077777777777778in"}

 

-   When you want to insert lorem ipsum in a post, simply type the
    command \[lorem-ipsum\] and hit "save."

![lorem ipsum wordpress](media/image2.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="2.1909722222222223in"}

 

-   Now preview your post. You'll see a section of lorem ipsum appears
    exactly where you inserted it. (Note: you must preview the post or
    view it in the published state to see the lorem ipsum text. When you
    are in edit mode, you will only see the \[lorem-ipsum\] command.)

![lorem ipsum wordpress](media/image3.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.234722222222222in"}

##### You Can Specify the Word Count

The default behavior of the \[lorem-ipsum\] command is to insert 100
words of dummy text. You can specify the exact amount of words you'd
like by altering the command slightly.

For example, to specify 200 words, type: \[lorem-ipsum words=\"200\"\].

## Dummy Content For Testing WordPress Themes

If you're a freelance or agency developer of WordPress themes, it's
likely you'll need to test a design out by populating it with images,
metadata, content, users, lists, and more. Doing this manually is
time-intensive.

You can automate this process via the FakerPress plugin. This plugin
allows you to create placeholder content for 20 data types including
categories.

To install it, go to **Plugins \> Add New** and search for "FakerPress."
Then install it.

Then you'll find FakerPress options in your left-hand dashboard, below
"Settings."

![fakerpress wordpress
dashboard](media/image4.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="4.5159722222222225in"}

### Selecting Quantity of Posts

When selecting the number of posts to generate you have the option to
input two numbers separated by a \> sign. This results in a random
number of posts being generated, bounded by those two numbers. It seems
simpler to just input the quantity that you want in the first field. In
the example above we chose 15 posts.

##### Generate Metadata, Tags, Categories and More

In the screenshot below you can see the taxonomy options and metadata
options available:

![taxonomy field rules
fakerpress](media/image5.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="4.408333333333333in"}

### HTML Tags and Image Providers

The close-up below shows:

-   A series of HTML tags that you can specify be included in your
    placeholder content

-   A field to specify image providers to pull images from for your
    dummy content

![fakerpress html tags](media/image6.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="1.695138888888889in"}

Given the variety of parameters you can control, FakerPress is a good
option for design and dev pros who need to speed up the mundane task of
populating and testing WordPress themes.

# Chrome Extensions

There are a number of lorem ipsum extensions available in the Chrome
store. These are helpful when working in a CMS or testing forms. Our two
favorites are:

-   [Lorem Ipsum
    Generator](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/lorem-ipsum-generator-usi/ogkidppcbldhebgplkdmepodkbfanndi?hl=en):
    This works similarly to Emmet: you simply type "lorem" in the space
    where you want filler text, and add the number of words you'd like
    followed by a semi-colon. For example, lorem50; will fill your space
    with 50 words of lorem.

-   Lorem Fill is a good choice if you need to fill form fields for
    testing --- both online and offline. You can set it to fill a page
    or a single element.

You'll also find some humorous lorem extensions including [**Bacon
Ipsum**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/bacon-ipsum-generator/deimhodmanfkckanbkpihleomdhlplhj?hl=en) and [**Aesop
Ipsum**](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/aesop-ipsum/clibihlbfbomcapbiaceomafckbdgibp?hl=en).

# Adding Lorem Ipsum to Adobe Projects

The method of adding lorem ipsum to Adobe projects varies somewhat
across its software platforms. The good news is it's baked into all
their software programs now.

## How do I add lorem ipsum to Adobe InDesign?

-   Select the text tool by either (a) using the keyboard shortcut "t"
    or (b) selecting "T" in the left-hand vertical panel.

-   Draw a text box.

-   Right click inside the text box and select "Fill with placeholder
    text" from the drop-down menu.

![add lorem ipsum
indesign](media/image7.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.9993055555555554in"}

## How do I insert lorem ipsum text into Adobe Illustrator?

Click on the text function ("T" via keyboard shortcut or select the "T"
in the left-hand panel), then use it to create a text box. Illustrator
now automatically populates that box with lorem ipsum text.

![insert lorem ipsum
illustrator](media/image8.gif){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.015972222222222in"}

## How do I add lorem ipsum text to Photoshop?

Click on the text function ("T" via keyboard shortcut or select the "T"
in the left-hand panel) and draw a text box. With your cursor active
inside the text box go to "Type" In the top menu and select "Paste lorem
ipsum."

![add lorem ipsum
photoshop](media/image9.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.55in"}

**[A Note]{.ul}**: Depending on your settings, the text may turn out
"*squished*" and overlapping. In that case, you may need to increase
your line spacing. (Line spacing is also called "*leading*.")

To do this go to the character panel. You can navigate to the character
panel by going to **Type \> Character panel **in the top menu. Or if
it's active, you can click on the "A\|" symbol to the right of your
canvas; that will open the floating character panel.

![character panel
photoshop](media/image10.gif){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.134027777777778in"}\
You'll find the "*leading*" (or line spacing adjustment) to the right of
the font size:

![adjust line spacing
photoshop](media/image11.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.310416666666667in"}

## How do I add lorem ipsum in Dreamweaver?

Ever since 2015, Dreamweaver has shipped with Emmet
included. [**Emmet**](https://emmet.io/), a project by Russian coder,
Sergey Chikuyonok, provides a slew of keyboard shortcuts for adding HTML
code. The good news is there's an Emmet shortcut for adding lorem ipsum.

Simple use the formula: p\*1\>lorem (where "1" is the number of
paragraphs that you want to generate) then hit TAB.

![add lorem ipsum to
dreamweaver](media/image12.gif){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.057638888888889in"}

# Adding Lorem Ipsum to Text Editors

Here are the easiest ways to add lorem ipsum to popular text editors.

## How do I add lorem ipsum to Sublime Text?

-   Between a set of \<p\> tags type the word "lorem"

-   Hit the TAB button.

A paragraph of lorem ipsum will be automatically inserted.

![add lorem ipsum to sublime
text](media/image13.gif){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="3.970833333333333in"}

## How do I add lorem ipsum in Brackets?

-   Go to **File \> Extension Manager** and select a Lorem extension to
    install. (You may need to scroll through a few options.)

-   Click the "install" button next to the extension you've selected

![lorem ipsum brackets](media/image14.png){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="4.2972222222222225in"}

-   Between the opening and closing \<p\> tag where you want the text
    inserted, **type "**lorem**" **

-   Then hit **Control + Shift + L**

## How do I add lorem ipsum in Textmate?

-   In between a set of \<p\> tags type "lorem"

-   Hit TAB

![textmate lorem ipsum](media/image15.gif){width="6.268055555555556in"
height="5.825in"}
